How to submit: Place a PDF document with the link/title "Background Research Assignment" in your team's Files page and make a link to this on your team's Wiki page.  Your page must be readable on a web browser.
What to submit: Two-page paper per team, formatted as specified below.
You are to gather, summarize, and analyze existing work on your project topic. The purpose of this assignment is for your group to obtain a thorough picture of what design approach have been explored and the issues that have arisen. Your paper should reflect this understanding so that it can be a starting point for your own project design. Your paper should not be a series of summaries nor should it be a list of who has done what.

Some pitfalls to avoid:
(1) Do not discuss your project or the issues your project will face.  You are reviewing other work, not coming up with your design plan.
(2) Do not discuss other work that is not a viable choice for your project.  For example, if a sensor costs $400, then don't include it, it is not a viable choice.  If a particular algorithm requires sophisticated image processing with more memory requirements than are available on our platform, then don't include it, it is not a viable choice.
(3) Do not include information on the processors or hardware you have been given (the PIC, the WiFly, the rover, the RPi, etc).  Those are design choices that have already been made and you need to focus on background information that will inform your future design decisions.  Examples of what you should focus on  are algorithms that others have used and sensors others have used.
(4) Do not give high level summaries of anything.  If you talk about a sensor, then focus on a particular sensor model, its capabilities (e.g., range, accuracy), costs, and how it has been used.  If you talk about an algorithm, then get specific about who the algorithm operates.
(5) Do not tell this as a story of how you researched this topic -- e.g., "First, we looked into X" or "We researched topic Y", etc.
Your paper should include a list of references at the end for any material discussed in the paper. Your paper should be in 12 pt font, single-spaced, with 1" top, bottom, left, and right margins.
